Zhang Xiaoyue, leave me Xiaoyue
Madam, this Zhao Xiaoyue is really ignorant
I will definitely teach him a good lesson later.
But he is the oldest in our school
If you really mutilate his hand
I'm afraid this year's graduation rate
Zhao Xiaoyue
Mrs. Xu is the manager of our school
Our school was built by his cook
How dare you attack Master Xu?
Don't you want to read it?
That's right, Zhao Xiaoyue
How dare you bully Brother Chen?
Zhao Xiaoyue, get me out of school quickly
Sorry teacher
Sorry Mrs. Xu
Wang Xiaoyue didn't mean it
You can't keep my kid out of school
Mom
I want this dead old woman and this dead girl
Apologize to me.
Apologize
It's all an apology.
Hey teacher
I beg you.
Can't keep my kids out of school?
I beg your grandma to get up
Grandma get up
I'm an old man
It's always going to die anyway
I don't care.
Xiaoyue, my Xiaoyue can't read without books.
Okay, okay.
This is not an example.
Otherwise, let Zhao Xiaoyue retire and go home
Although he apologized to me
But my clothes are dirty.
My school uniform is different from other students.
It's haute couture.
chips
thief